util: inspect ArrayBuffers TypedArray as well (#25006)
nodejs/node: doc/api/util.md

<!-- YAML
added: v0.3.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/REPLACEME

>     description: ArrayBuffers now also show the underlying Uint8Array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: ArrayBuffers now also show their contents formatted as an Uint8Array.
```

How about this? I’d prefer to avoid a term like “underlying Uint8Array” because that sounds as if there’s an actual `Uint8Array` associated with each `ArrayBuffer` instance
